[CELEBORN-718] Support override Hadoop Conf by Celeborn Conf with `celeborn.hadoop.` prefix (#1629)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/migration.md

            at org.apache.celeborn.common.serializer.JavaDeserializationStream.readObject(JavaSerializer.scala:76)
            at org.apache.celeborn.common.serializer.JavaSerializerInstance.deserialize(JavaSerializer.scala:110)
        ```

>  - Since 0.3.0, the Celeborn support cover hadoop configuration from Celeborn conf. 
>    In spark client side user should set hadoop configuration like `spark.celeborn.hadoop.xxx.xxx`,
>    in flink client, master and worker side user should set like `celeborn.hadoop.xxx.xxx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Since 0.3.0, Celeborn supports overriding Hadoop configuration(`core-site.xml`, `hdfs-site.xml`, etc.) from Celeborn configuration with the additional prefix `celeborn.hadoop.`. 
   On Spark client side, user should set Hadoop configuration like `spark.celeborn.hadoop.foo=bar`, note that `spark.hadoop.foo=bar` does not take effect;
   on Flink client and Celeborn Master/Worker side, user should set like `celeborn.hadoop.foo=bar`.
```
